Low desert ground. A sphere-tumbleweed rolls in—cinematic hook.
We dolly along the dust, tracking the rolling sphere across the sand.
Pull back: two cowboys made of cylinders face each other in silence.
A crosswind coils sand into rings; the tumbleweed drifts between them.
Push-in left: a cylindrical arm hovers by a cylindrical holster.
A tiny twitch—just a few degrees of rotation about the shoulder.
Slide right: the other cowboy’s cylindrical hat tilts, reading the wind.
The sphere crosses frame again, its rolling encoded by rotation about y.
Over-the-shoulder framing; the distance between them breathes.
Hands rise a hair—arms rotate up around the shoulder pivot.
Time stretches; dust rings spin; no one blinks.
Instead of drawing, both hats tip—a peaceful decision.
We orbit slowly, revealing mirrored cylindrical silhouettes.
They step closer; the stage relaxes into warm color.
The wind settles; tumbleweed exits; the town exhales.
Fade to sand and sky.